ROX-27142: clarify automatic upgrades for secured clusters (#85892)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/enable-automatic-upgrades.adoc

// * configuration/configure-automatic-upgrades.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="enable-automatic-upgrades_{context}"]
= Enabling automatic upgrades for manifest-installed secured clusters

> You can enable automatic upgrades for all secured clusters that were installed by using the manifest installation method, also known as the `roxctl` CLI method. This feature automatically upgrades Collector and Compliance services in all secured clusters to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable automatic upgrades for all secured clusters that were installed by using the manifest installation method, also known as the `roxctl` CLI method. This feature automatically upgrades Collector and Compliance services in all secured clusters to the same version as Central.
```
